---
hidden: false
layout: job-detail
name: Six Feet Up
post_photo_url: /static/img/sponsors/SFUHorizontalLogo.png
website: https://www.sixfeetup.com/company/senior-project-manager
website_text: Apply here
---

**Senior Project Manager**

*Global Remote*

<br/>

We’re looking for a full-time and experienced Project Manager to be the voice of the user, understand unique needs of each client, and coordinate the development of web applications through a close collaboration with the Sales and Engineering teams. Is this you?

Our dream candidate has 10+ years in a software development PM role and experience wireframing, prototyping and interpreting data and feedback using tools like UXpin or Balsamiq. A Computer Science degree or experience working as a developer is a plus.

As a Senior Project Manager, you’ll be responsible for:
Capturing our clients’ needs
Creating flow diagrams, wireframes, functional mockups
Developing and managing user stories and requirements
Developing implementation plans with Tech Leads
Coordinating development by managing trade-offs and priorities
Managing project budgets and timelines
Tracking progress, keeping clients involved and engaged via progress reports and retrospectives

You should like collaborating with people; love solving challenging problems; be exceptionally well organized and detail oriented; and love a fast-paced, multi-project environment. In this role, you will manage 5+ projects.

Why work at Six Feet Up? We offer a unique human-friendly work environment that thrives based on the understanding that we all do our best work when we can choose how and when we work.

Over the years, we have had a chance to work on exciting, highly-visible and renowned projects. We interact with high profile clients. We use Mac computers. We have quarterly Innovation Days and bi-annual retreats. We use a democratic and team-oriented decision-making process. Read more on what makes us unique...

Does this sound like you? If yes, send your resume and cover letter to jobs@sixfeetup.com with the subject " Senior Project Manager position."

To be considered for this position you must also take the following PI assessment: [https://assessment.predictiveindex.com/fP3/7da9a120-c72c-42b7-9c69-5fa3faabe1cf?type=candidateba](https://assessment.predictiveindex.com/fP3/7da9a120-c72c-42b7-9c69-5fa3faabe1cf?type=candidateba)
