---
hidden: false
layout: job-detail
name: Six Feet Up
post_photo_url: /static/img/sponsors/SFUHorizontalLogo.png
website: https://www.sixfeetup.com/company/python-dev-big-data
website_text: Apply here
---

**Python Developer with Big Data Experience**

*Global Remote*

<br/>

We’re looking for a Python developer with 10+ years of software development experience and 5+ years of Python programming experience. Experience with Airflow, Databricks, DeltaLakes, Azure Data Factory, Terraform and/or Docker is a plus. Is this you?

As a Python Developer with Big Data Experience, you should be introspective, analytical, big picture oriented and collaborative. You are expected to embody and promote the company’s 6 core values: do the right thing, go together, always improve, be proactive, use a can-do attitude and use a consultant's mindset.

Why work at Six Feet Up? We offer a unique human-friendly work environment that thrives based on the understanding that we all do our best work when we can choose how and when we work.

Over the years, we have had a chance to work on exciting, highly-visible and renowned projects. We interact with high profile clients. We use Mac computers. We have quarterly Innovation Days and bi-annual retreats. We use a democratic and team-oriented decision-making process. Read more on what makes us unique...

Does this sound like you? If yes, send your resume and cover letter to jobs@sixfeetup.com with the subject "Python Dev with Big Data Experience".

To be considered for this position you must also take the following PI assessment: [https://assess.predictiveindex.com/GWdZn](https://assess.predictiveindex.com/GWdZn)
