---
hidden: false
layout: job-detail
name: Six Feet Up
post_photo_url: /static/img/sponsors/SFUHorizontalLogo.png
website: https://www.sixfeetup.com/company/django-developer
website_text: Apply here
---

**Django/React Developer**

*Global Remote*

<br/>

We’re looking for a full-time Django/React Developer to create beautiful React-powered web apps. Is this you?

Our dream candidate has 5+ years Django experience; 3+ years React experience and experience with Unix/Linux systems deployment. Experience working with Docker and an understanding of AWS APIs is a plus.

As a Django/React Developer, you should be collaborative, a creative problem solver and attentive to details. You are expected to embody and promote the company’s 6 core values: do the right thing, go together, always improve, be proactive, use a can-do attitude and use a consultant's mindset.

Why work at Six Feet Up? We offer a unique human-friendly work environment that thrives based on the understanding that we all do our best work when we can choose how and when we work.

Over the years, we have had a chance to work on exciting, highly-visible and renowned projects. We interact with high profile clients. We use Mac computers. We have quarterly Innovation Days and bi-annual retreats. We use a democratic and team-oriented decision-making process. Read more on what makes us unique...

Does this sound like you? If yes, send your resume and cover letter to jobs@sixfeetup.com with the subject " Django/React Developer (2021)."

To be considered for this position you must also take the following PI assessment: [https://assessment.predictiveindex.com/fP3/b8f278ab-f915-4807-836a-a4cb26dd8e37?type=candidateba](https://assessment.predictiveindex.com/fP3/b8f278ab-f915-4807-836a-a4cb26dd8e37?type=candidateba)
