---
hidden: false
layout: job-detail
name: Six Feet Up
post_photo_url: /static/img/sponsors/SFUHorizontalLogo.png
website: https://www.sixfeetup.com/company/senior-python-developer-devops
website_text: Apply here
---

**Senior Python Developer**

*Global Remote*

<br/>

We’re looking for a full-time Senior Python Developer to create beautiful back-end code powering sophisticated Python-based web projects. Is this you?

Our dream candidate has Python web development experience; Unix/Linux systems deployment experience; and a passion for consulting, teamwork and solving problems. Terraform and Docker experience; AI/ML/Big Data experience; and/or an understanding of AWS API is a plus.

As Senior Python Developer, you are expected to embody and promote the company’s 6 core values: do the right thing, go together, always improve, be proactive, use a can-do attitude and use a consultant's mindset.

Why work at Six Feet Up? We offer a unique human-friendly work environment that thrives based on the understanding that we all do our best work when we can choose how and when we work.

Over the years, we have had a chance to work on exciting, highly-visible and renowned projects. We interact with high profile clients. We use Mac computers. We have quarterly Innovation Days and bi-annual retreats. We use a democratic and team-oriented decision-making process. Read more on what makes us unique...

Does this sound like you? If yes, send your resume and cover letter to jobs@sixfeetup.com with the subject "Senior Python Developer."

To be considered for this position you must also take the following PI assessment: [https://assess.predictiveindex.com/GWdZn](https://assess.predictiveindex.com/GWdZn)
