---
hidden: false
layout: job-detail
name: STG
post_photo_url: /static/img/sponsors/STG_condensed.png
website: mailto:JOBS@THESUMMITGRP.COM
website_text: Apply here
---

**Senior Python/Django Developer**

*Remote or Mechanicsburg, PA*
<br />
*$120,000.00 - $200,000.00 + bonus*

STG is growing and our development team needs top talent for Python and DJango experts. We develop SaaS solutions deployed on the public cloud for customers all around the country.

This is a full-time, non-contract position.

We are fast-paced and require our team to work in a dynamic environment. Work from home or join us if you're local.

Our benefits are top-notch, unlimited PTO and we pay competitive salaries for top talent.

Join our team!

Include a few examples of your current projects with your resume.

As this position requires a high level of expertise, please expect a technical review from a senior member of our development team during the interview processes.

**Benefits:**

- 401(k)
- 401(k) matching
- Dental insurance
- Flexible schedule
- Health insurance
- Life insurance
- Paid time off
- Retirement plan
- Vision insurance

**Schedule:**

- Monday to Friday

**Education:**
- Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Software Engineering (Preferred)

**Experience (Preferred):**
- Python: 5+ years
- Django: 5+ years
- PostgreSQL: 3+ years
- Aggressive Problem Diagnosis
- Experience with AWS
- Developing for large scale applications
- Experience in financial services

Send your resume to: <a href="mailto:JOBS@THESUMMITGRP.COM">JOBS@THESUMMITGRP.COM</a>.
